Add onboarding guide for pypi GHA release (#4270)
opensearch-project/opensearch-build: ONBOARDING.md

1. Add `RELEASING.md` file to the repository documenting how to release the artifact. [Example](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-py-ml/blob/main/RELEASING.md)
1. **Adding tests:** Each library has a respective library tester associated with it that can be used to test you jenkins workflow. This tests can be used to verify that the workflow is making the calls. The build system used is gradle. 
For example, this [PublishToNpm test](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build-libraries/blob/main/tests/jenkins/TestPublishToNpm.groovy) uses [PublishToNpmLibTester](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build-libraries/blob/main/tests/jenkins/lib-testers/PublishToNpmLibTester.groovy) with expected parameter that can be unique to your workflow. The assertions makes sure that calls to npm registry is made which is mandatory to release an artifact.

## Onboard to PyPi GitHub Action release

> Since PyPi has announced the removal of the PGP signature [here](https://blog.pypi.org/posts/2023-05-23-removing-pgp/), it is no longer necessary to run our Jenkins workflow from Universal build as it was mainly focusing on signing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since PyPi has [announced](https://blog.pypi.org/posts/2023-05-23-removing-pgp/) the removal of the PGP signature, it is no longer necessary to use the Jenkins environment for releasing artifacts on PyPi. The main motive behind using Jenkins as the release environment was the ease of use of OpenSearch signing system.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!

> With PyPi supporting [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://docs.pypi.org/trusted-publishers/adding-a-publisher/) authentication and the addition of trusted publisher on GitHub, the entire release publishing workflow can be executed on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With PyPi supporting [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](https://docs.pypi.org/trusted-publishers/adding-a-publisher/) authentication and the addition of trusted publisher on GitHub, the entire release publishing workflow can be executed via GitHub Actions.
```

Author: Please review the latest commit to accommodate this change.

> Essential part of publishing to PyPi is:
> 
>       - name: Publish package distributions to PyPI
>         uses: pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish@release/v1
> 
> which uses action [pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/pypi-publish) for release. It has built-in support for trusted publishing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Essential part of publishing to PyPi is using GitHub Action [pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/pypi-publish) for release. It has built-in support for trusted publishing.
```

Author: Updated.

> Requirement for this publish action is enabling the permission to get id-token within the stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below permissions are required by the GitHub Action at the job-level:
```

Author: Updated in the recent commit change.

    permissions:
      id-token: write

### Step by step process

> Sample workflow can be found [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-py/blob/5b28423f7145168d7263943ca4ae9722812e4771/.github/workflows/release-drafter.yml).

Reviewer: nit: We should not be naming the workflow as releas-drafter since the are not drafting the releases anymore via a single workflow. Maybe just `release.yml` works now?

Author: It would still publish GitHub release.

Reviewer: Yes but drafter's job was only to draft not release. That's why just release.yml makes more sense than drafter.

Author: Sure. I will keep the existing workflow with current name and for any of workflow to onboard in the future, let's name it just `release.yml`

For any of new repo to onboard GHA workflow release, there are two parts:

> 1. Create the GitHub workflow e.g. `release-drafter.yml` inside the repo.

Reviewer: Same nit as above, release-drafter is misleading.

    * Allow the GHA triggered by tag creation.
    * Set up the respective python version and python build stage.

>     * Enable permissions for these actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Enable permissions for these actions at job-level.
```

Author: Updated.

        * ```
          permissions:
          id-token: write
          contents: write
          ```
        * `id-token: write` is required for publishing with `pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish`.
        * `contents: write` is needed for publishing GitHub official release with `softprops/action-gh-release@v1`.
    * Publish to PyPi with `pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish`. There is an option to publish to Test PyPi. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/pypi-publish).

>     * Generate GitHub release with `softprops/action-gh-release@v1`.

Reviewer: Let's not mention versions for these actions. Users tend to copy paste and that may miss the recent updates or bug fixes if we hard code to v1

Author: Updated in the latest commit.

> 2. Create an issue with our team to help set up trusted publisher in PyPi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an issue with in opensearch-build repository using [onboarding template](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/issues/new?assignees=&labels=release%2Cuntriaged&projects=&template=standalone_releases_template.yaml&title=%5Brelease%5D%3A+) to help set up trusted publisher in PyPi.
```

Author: Updated.
